This README's purpose is to serve as a report for the lab explaining the thought that went behind how the slides and feedback forms came to be.
On the gallery page, origiinally, the photos that were to be used were displayed statically all next to each other. The first aim of the lab was to display them as a slide show, with a button on the left and right going through the slides. The first idea to come up was to overlay all the images which were of the same size on top of each other, and show the corresponding image whenever the next and previous buttons were pressed. Upon loading the page, the first image is displayed. The original div that held the pictures was deleted to make room for a new div that contained each image in its own separate div. The CSS dictates that the container the images are held in is black, and each div is centred with the image in it within the container, and that the previous button is on the left of the screen, and the next button is on the right. As for the JS code, a slide count variable is declared with two other functions to traverse through the images. For the nextSlide function, the slide counter increments, and with the prevSlide function, the slide counter increments. When calling either functions, what happens is that all of the images are hidden with a for loop setting the display to none, and the image with the index of slidecount is only shown. To prevent the slides from being traversed out of bounds where there aren't any images, the functions are wrapped in if statements that insure that they only run when the slideCount is within the index, and the else statement alerts the user if they have gone out of bounds, and resets the slideCount to 0 or the index of the last slide. That way, the slide counter will never be above or below the amount of slides.
As for the form, it contains a div for each input, with four inputs and a submit button. Upon clicking submit, it checks each input to see if it conforms with specific conditions. In the JS code, upon clicking submit, a function activates with the help of an event listener, that traverses through each input and checks if it is empty. If it is empty, then the input border is set to red, and the p elements in the div with the input which were originally set to not be displayed are displayed. Once the inputs are filled and the submit button is pressed again, the borders of the inputs turn green, the error messages are hidden again, and the success messages are displayed instead. Another for loop in the function checks the input that is specifically for the email to see if it contains an @ in the written text, then finally, a third for loop checks for if the passwords that were given match or not. If all is done correctly, then all of the borders will turn green, and all of the success messages will be displayed whilst the error messages are set to be hidden.